---
layout: post
title: A Proposal
---

The first message was so vague and weird it piqued my curiousity:

bq.. I understand you don't reply often to these things....but here I go anyway...Hi!..............................................................sorry, spaced out
I think your profile is genius, very funny...to answer your question, no, magazines are not books [<em>I ask if magazines can be considered books, I read them a lot</em>] ....wait a minute don't hit me yet, please! I have a story to tell you...but only if you're interested in hearing it...I know I'm not near you...but I'll get into that later...this story does not involve sex or any of the things that guys bug you to death with on dating sites...it doesn't even really involve dating...it might involve you if you want it to.

On an unrelated note: you should see a few episodes of <del class="redacted">&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;</del>....just for camp value and <del class="redacted">&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;</del> AND this is a limited, time sensitive issue please write back post haste ...but only if you want to....have a wonderful nite ....or day...depending...

p. I messaged him back asking him to elaborate and received the following:

bq.. Like all great stories it starts with:" There was this girl" ...way back in high school. We dated a little ,nothing serious, she was kinda awkward and shy, like I was. And like myself she was smart and curious about the world (much smarter than me, truth be told, but I'm getting a head of the story). She had this fatal flaw though, she was mormon. I didn't think that much of it, I was 18, livin' in the south, had never met a mormon .....didn't really care one way or the other. I liked her and we were friends..... and then I went on to college and she went her way as well.
About 10 years later (I think I may have gotten ahold of her number and called her) we talked on the phone for a bit and caught up. She was getting her masters at Northwestern and had graduated, with greek letters by her name, at Cornell...I had not....I was too busy snorting cocaine with the boys in the band to follow through on any of the educational promise, that everyone had claim I had in my younger days. I ran to hell and back in those days just for fun... and I told her all about it. I could tell she did not approved. She was nice and I liked talking to her, just like always, we kinda clicked. And the phone clicked too. And she went on her path and I went on mine.

About my path, it was mostly journey with no destination, by design...first; party to party then house to house I roamed. Broke some hearts, had mine broken a few times...had a few depressive episodes ...the usual type of stuff that all rebellious, brooding, artistic, young men do...I may have done little more than usual...judging by my profile question personality graph thingy...I'm gonna have to go with yes, more than usual. But, at 35ish I had done it all and seen it all, and was really ready to call it a life...so I got married. Soon enough another girl comes along in the usual biological fashion and she is an important character in our story so let's give her a letter, we'll call her J (and now that we've given her a letter we have to give the initial girl a letter too...cause you know girls and their letters... if you give a letter to one girl ...you gotta give 'em all letters... she can be L;) And J fill my life with joy (and I would say that even if I wasn't legally obligated to).

Storms came in those days and blew the happy marriage away (but that's a whole other story that I will tell at another time) and left me and J living alone, and somewhat blue. That's when L returns via the magic of facebook...and we catch up yet again. L married late and was widowed early and was five years out of wedlock, when she was whisked through fiber optics straight into my office. I have to say I was impressed...we went immediately into deep philosophical conversation lasting all nite long, once again totally clicked. Suffering as I was from a scarred soul, I fell deep into it. Being a wiser and more learned man than I had been before, I asked early on, if she was still a mormon, expecting her to say not so much or my family is...something like that. Low and behold she's really into it, and I'm shocked...the girl's a seismologist for christ sakes...this may be a deal breaker. But she was so sweet...man, she was lovey dovey...and a few long nites later,she's inviting me across the country to her place. She's got girls the same age as J and its gonna be a big play date! Much excitement ensues! Plans began to be made and itineraries thrown together...but in the back of my mind I thinking; mormon...deal breaker. So I'm on the fence draggin my feet a little....but It's a cool place that she lives in and there's a guest room and it doesn't have to be a big deal and J will really love it, it will be her first plane ride and there will be kids to play with...OK I'm in. So I call her up and make sure, "I'm about to buy the tickets" "That's awesome" she says. "Last chance to back out" I tell her. She seems filled with joy over the whole plan. And click goes the mouse. And whoosh goes the money from the account to the greedy airline company. And the late night, west coast time zoned, conversations continue. Deeper and deeper they get until we can hardly stand the distance. Two hopeless romantics swept up into the deadly tide, we begin to think of ourselves as one being, pulled apart by time and distance soon to be reunited (and it feels so goooood....sorry. sidetracked).

One nite something a little different happens, philosophical turns physical and yearning desires are discussed. L admits to having a constant moisture presence whenever she thinks of me, which Ok by me, she leaves me in a similar state of arousal. Any normal person would be feeling this way given the situation. Our conversation ended early that next morning...and let's say it ended happily...it was a happy ending.

The next day she was upset, I really didn't get it...we had a good time...we had both seemed "happy" when we hung up, but L was no longer happy. No, L was disturbed and scandalised by the entire incident. I took a deep breath and backed away a bit, to give her some room. But she was shamed by her desire and things were never the same. One day she said she couldn't do it, that she couldn't trust herself if I was in her home...and other objections emerged that hadn't seem to have been a problem before. Weed is bad and beer wasn't good and smoking was sinful and caffeine was wrong...and in the back of my mind I knew...mormon...deal breaker.

And that's pretty much the story, of how me and my eight year old daughter ended up with two tickets to <del class="redacted">&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;</del>...where we know no one!

So we are coming to <del class="redacted">&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;</del>, August 14th. Getting hotels booked, trying to decide what days to rent bikes, what days to rent a car, we would like to do a little hiking. I'd like to taste some beers, maybe some medicinal grass, it would be nice to see some music maybe go to the <del class="redacted">&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;</del> stuff like that...did I mention that we know no one in <del class="redacted">&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;&#9608;</del>.

So here were your part comes in and it can be whatever you like...you could recommend a hotel or go on a bike ride or just join up one day for shinanagins or share a bowl or recommend a bike rental. It's me and an eight year old, we are both very well behaved and are fun to be around.

If you have any interest at all let me know and I will tell you anything you want to know...we would just like to have a local friend to help us enjoy your city...It's a simple as that

p. Yeah, super simple.
